A breakpoint is the size of a browswer where we need to change the CSS

The Mobile First Approach: Focus on the most important things:
	Simplify content 
	Prioritize layout 
	Optimize user experience

Responsive VS. Adaptive:
	All Responsive are Adaptive 
	Not all Adaptive are Responsive	

Responsive Design: content defines break points

Advanced Media Queries:

Feature Name:				Definition:							Has min- & -max prefixes	
Width 				The width of the display area							Yes

Height:				The height of the display area							Yes

Device-Width		The width of the devices rendering						Yes 
					surface

Device-Height		The height of the device's rendering					Yes
					surface

Orientation			Accepts portrait or landscape							No
					values								

Aspect-ratio		Ratio of the display area's width over height.			Yes
					For example: on a desktop, you'd be able to query
					if the browser window is at a 16:9 aspect ratio

Device-aspect-		Ratio of the devices rendering surface width over		Yes
ratio				its height. For example: on a desktop you'd be able
					to querty if the screen is at a 16:9 aspect ratio	

Color				The # of bits per color component of the the device.	Yes
					For example, an 8-bit color would successfully pass
					a query of (color: 8). Non-color devices should return
					a value of 0.

Color-index			The # of entries in the color lookup table of the 		Yes
					output device. For example, @media screen and 
					(min-color-index: 256).	

Monochrome			Similar to color, the monochrome feature lets user      Yes
					test the number of bits per pixel in a Monochrome
					device

Resolution			Tests the density of the pixels in the device, such as  Yes
					screen and (resolution: 72dpi) or screen and 
					(max-resolution: 300dpi)

Scan				For tv-based browing measures whether the scanning 		No
					process is either progressive or scan.	

Grid				Tests whether the device is a grid based display, 		No
					like feature phones with 1 fixed-width font. Can
					be expressed simply as (grid)																															